Add KurrentDB integration and mark EventStore as obsolete (#895)
CommunityToolkit/Aspire: src/CommunityToolkit.Aspire.KurrentDB/README.md

# CommunityToolkit.Aspire.KurrentDB

> Registers an [EventStoreClient](https://github.com/EventStore/EventStore-Client-Dotnet) in the DI container for connecting to KurrentDB.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Registers an [KurrentDBClient](https://github.com/kurrent-io/KurrentDB-Client-Dotnet) in the DI container for connecting to KurrentDB.
```

```csharp
builder.AddKurrentDBClient("kurrentdb", settings => settings.DisableHealthChecks = true);
```

## AppHost extensions

In your AppHost project, install the `CommunityToolkit.Aspire.Hosting.KurrentDB` library with [NuGet](https://www.nuget.org):

```dotnetcli
dotnet add package CommunityToolkit.Aspire.Hosting.KurrentDB
```

Then, in the _Program.cs_ file of `AppHost`, register KurrentDB and consume the connection using the following methods:

```csharp
var kurrentdb = builder.AddKurrentDB("kurrentdb");

var myService = builder.AddProject<Projects.MyService>()
                       .WithReference(kurrentdb);
```

The `WithReference` method configures a connection in the `MyService` project named `kurrentdb`. In the _Program.cs_ file of `MyService`, the KurrentDB connection can be consumed using:

```csharp
builder.AddKurrentDBClient("kurrentdb");
```

Then, in your service, inject `EventStoreClient` and use it to interact with the KurrentDB API:

```csharp
public class MyService(EventStoreClient eventStoreClient)
{
    // ...
}
```

## Additional documentation

> -   https://github.com/EventStore/EventStore-Client-Dotnet

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   https://github.com/kurrent-io/KurrentDB-Client-Dotnet
```
